Vanessa is outgoing and versatile. She has accomplished numerous project in music, and enjoys working with people.
She is a flutist, pianist, singer and also compose music.
She loves the mountains, and her favorite colors are green and blue.
Maths, logic and structures interest her.

Since childhood, I have had a passion for music and dance.
After high school, I went on to complete an honours degree in music composition before sharing my passions with the next generation, specialising in the teaching of singing, flute and piano.
 
My most proud moment to date has been winning the Melbourne and Adelaide Fringe Festival award for experimental electronic music which prompted me to launch my first music album.
 
Often described as an old soul, I get to express this through my passion for early 1900’s dance, particularly Charleston.
 
More recently I have discovered a passion for tech.
Mathmatically minded and with a keen interest to learn computer algorithms, I aspire to create technology that will benefit others.

Open to opportunity in the next five years.

Swing dancing, DJing, organiser of dance events
award-winning composer
Found that she missed the mathematical and logical in her previous career
loving being back into logic and problem-solving
hiking, mountains, active
build useful things that have a positive impact
mathsy/physics/quantum computing/linear algebra
developer - combination of creativity and logic, broad industry with opportunities for continual learning and plenty to feed ones curiosity. Coding is a powerful skill that allows you to create in new and exciting ways and make the most of emerging technologies.

Spent a year self-teaching and attending MeetUps and conferences before discovering the MYOB Developher Program and being awarded a scholarship to study at Bootcamp. Each new piece of coding learning confirms that this is an area I can really get into and enjoy. There is so much to learn and discover, and coding can take you from a simple website to promote a friend's artworks, to generating art from code, to building games to help people learn a new language. Who knows where you'll end up? 

Curiosity - I've always wanted to know - forever looking up words I didn't understand or asking my parents to explain how things worked. Always an active person, when I broke my foot just before the school holidays when I was 10 I immediately turned to Mum and asked what I could learn in the break - so learnt to sew. Each day I look to expand my knowledge and skill just a little bit.